Atmospheric foreboding music playing
Wind howling
Man: This blade has a dark past.
Man: It has shed much innocent blood.
Man: You're a fool for traveling alone,
so completely unprepared.
Man: You're lucky your blood's still flowing.
Woman: Thank you.
Man: So...
Man: What brings you to
the land of the gatekeepers?
Woman: I'm searching for someone.
Man: Someone very dear?
A kindred spirit?
Woman: A dragon.
Man: A dangerous quest for a lone hunter.
Woman: I've been alone for
as long as I can remember.
Distant noises of vehicles moving
Clatter of debris on floor
Clatter of debris
Flies buzz as they are disturbed
Gulls squark in the background
Something falls and hits the roof behind her
Dragon whimpers, scared and in pain
Atmospheric hopeful music plays
Dragon cries in pain
Woman: We're almost done. Shhh...